How to download ICC Lombard's policy PF I will
tell you three ways, the
video is going to be very special because even
if you have only the vehicle number, that is,
your vehicle number,
only the policy number, you will still be
able to download the policy and if you do not have either of these,
only
access to the mobile number given in the policy, then
also you will be able to download this policy PF.
Now, if my viewers have their
own policy, then they can download it.
If they are policy holders, then they will be
able to download the policy very easily. If I have any agent friends who are
watching this video, they also need to
download the policy of any of their clients,
then I can help you. Let's go to the
screen and learn how to download the
policy
[praise].
First of all, click on the link given in the description and go to the
site. You will see three lines on the left side,
click on it, the menu
will open, so here you have to go to
support. After clicking on support,
in the drop down option that opens,
you have to click on help
center. As soon as you click,
you will see three options here, the first one is
Mill Care.  Now it will be visible after that today it will be available
then WhatsApp, first of all we will
learn how to
download the policy by clicking on the Ask option,
after clicking on Ask their chatbot
service will open, in this it will ask us
what service you want, then we will tell that we
are already a customer, we have to download our policy,
we will click on the Already a customer option, after that it will ask the second question
what service you want, we will
tell here Download your policy, that is we have to
download the policy, after clicking on this
it will ask what information of the policy you
want to download, there
is an option, you can give the policy number if you
have it, now you can download the policy by mobile number, you can
register,
but the information which is available with the vehicle number can be the
vehicle number, if
no one has the policy number or mobile number then we will learn
how to download the policy by clicking on the
option number, after clicking on the number
you have to enter Vikram and
after entering it, it will ask for the second search
criteria that enter the last one of the engine number or key
numbers,
we will enter the engine number  Let's click above, now
we will enter the last five digits and
as soon as we do that, it
will search the database, see here,
your policy has also been sent in it,
if we click on the click here option, our
policy PF will open and friends, it is so easy,
we have downloaded the policy within just one minute
[Music]
You have to go to the ICC Lombard website from the link given in the description,
you will see three lines on the left side which
I told you,
click on them, after clicking, in the option that
opens, you have to click on support,
after support, we will click on help center, the same
three options which I told you will
open again, today I have already
told you about it, now we will
learn to download from the WhatsApp service, on the
WhatsApp link where the number is written,
we have to click here, as soon as we
click on it, we will go to their WhatsApp service,
whatever is the registered number will be
logged in to WhatsApp, their
messages will go here, after that we have to
type our message here and send it, they
ask what you want to do, then
we will click on the service menu, then the
menu of all their services will open  There will be an
option at the top of the menu, that is, download your
policy, we will click on it. Now as soon as
we send the message to them, they have
our mobile data, so they will search
which policies are registered with this mobile number, that is,
in which policies this
mobile number is entered, then after searching the database, they will
give you the list of all those policies. Now see here, out of so many, all those policies
are registered with my number, so the
policies have been listed here, whichever policy you
want to download, you have to type its serial number and
send it, that policy will be downloaded,
but many times we do
not see that policy here, or we have to
search by our vehicle
number, that is, which policy is of that vehicle number, so
for that we do not have to type its serial number,
for that we have a separate option
which is shown at the end, we have to
type zero here, after typing zero,
it will change our search criteria,
but if we want to download the five number policy, then
we can do it from here,
write the number five and this policy will be downloaded,
but now let us see
how to download by vehicle number.  We will
type zero. By typing zero, as we
send it, they have now changed their search criteria. So, it will
ask us
with which criteria do you want to
search your policy. As
we click on the options, here we will see
policy number, mobile number with color number.
We have to search for vehicle number, so we will send it.
After that, it will ask us for our vehicle
number, diagonal number. As we enter it, it will
ask us for the second criteria,
engine number or chassis number.
You have to enter one of these two things here. I will
click on the engine number here.
After all,
I will send this five options as engine number.
With these two search criteria, that policy will rotate and see, they have
found the policy and they have given the policy to
us. It is so easy friends to
download this policy and see, this
policy PF is ready for you.
[Music]
First of all,
you have to click on the link. When you
go to the website, three lines will appear at the top.
Click on it. Then
click on the support option. Click on the help center option.
After that, you will see the same three options.
Iram, I have already told you about it and
WhatsApp.  We will download iBillTechCare through the app. We will
click iBillTechCare Rapid and it will take you to the Play Store. We will
install it.
After installing the app, we have to open it. As soon as we
click the open button, it will ask us for some
permissions. We have to give them.
After that, we have to enter our registered mobile number.
After that, we will receive an
OTP on our mobile number, which we have to
enter automatically. We will have to give permission to enter it.
After that,
your app's dashboard will open in front of you.
In this, your policies will be
shown to you on the dashboard. But
what you have to do is
download the policy. So, here we have to
click on the policies button below.
We have to click on this button. As soon as we
click, it will show us the details of all the policies. The
policy I am looking for is
this policy. This
policy is the last one. If I want to download its policy video, then I
will click on the policy details and here there is a
button to download the policy copy. After clicking here,
it will be allowed. After that, what I am doing is that this is
in the iBillTechCare folder of your phone.  The policy has been downloaded, we
will click OK and after that your
policy PF will also open, now you can
share it wherever you want, you can do it from here, you should
send it on email, you can email it, the
policy has also been downloaded in your phone,
so friends, you have learned
how you can download
ICC Lombard General Insurance's
policy PF from many triangles, if you think that someone else
also needs to know this information, then it is very
easy for him, you can share the link of this video, the
information will grow only by sharing, if you liked the
information given in the video, then
like the video and do subscribe to the channel,
friends, we make videos for you with a lot of hard work
and we definitely get your likes and
subscribers, so it's me
Harvinder Singh, signing of Take Care Stay Fit
and Stay Healthy, Jai Hind
[Music]